I think I might've bombed that math test...
Did you catch the new episode last night? It was so good!
Who brings fish sticks for lunch? My mom, that's who.
I got called out in gym class... again. So embarrassing.
I just finished drawing this cool dragon. Wanna see?
Can't wait for the weekend! Need some serious game time.
Staying awake during history is like mission impossible.
If I have to do one more book report, I might actually scream.
Just once, I want to be the last one standing in dodgeball.
Group projects are the worst. Can someone else do the talking?
Seriously, who gets excited about the periodic table?
My sneakers finally look perfectly worn in.
Did you hear about the new kid? He has a pet snake!
If you could be any fictional character, who would you be?
Do people actually like brussels sprouts or are they faking it?
For once, I made it through the week without losing a pencil.
Am I the only one who thinks the cafeteria spaghetti tastes weird?
Why can't school start at noon instead of the crack of dawn?
Lost another eraser. Guess I’ll be smudging my homework again.
Who needs recess when you have a good book?
I totally forgot about the science project until last night.
Why is the school hallway always so crowded?
I really hope my crush didn't see me trip today.
Does anyone actually understand what we're doing in chemistry?
I can't believe I got detention for talking in class.
My backpack is so heavy, I feel like a pack mule.
So, what's everyone doing for spring break?
The school lunch pizza is a total grease bomb.
I swear, every time I need a pen, it's gone.
I got paired with the class clown for the project. Great.
How does the Wi-Fi always get worse when I need it most?
Pop quizzes should be banned forever.
I can't wait to graduate and never look back.
I wish gym wasn't the first period.
Who decided it was a good idea to have tests on a Monday?
I can't believe we have homework over the weekend.
When's the next school dance? I've got moves to show off.
I'm so bad at public speaking. Hope I don't mess up.
Why is fire drill practice always during lunch?
Someone spilled juice all over my new shoes today.
Does the bell ever ring on time?
My art project turned out way better than expected!
What's up with the dress code anyway?
I wish recess was longer.
The library is my favorite place in the whole school.
I finally finished that book I've been reading forever.
Can we please have a snow day tomorrow?
I got lost looking for my new classroom today.
Another year, another set of boring textbooks.
I can't believe we have to dissect frogs in biology.
I hope I get the part in the school play.
Why is the air conditioning always broken in summer?
Did anyone else have trouble with last night's homework?
I hate getting up early for the bus.
Who else wishes school started at noon?
Am I the only one who still doesn't understand fractions?
The chemistry lab always smells weird.
I can't believe I forgot my locker combination again.
Why is the gym floor so slippery?
Does anyone actually enjoy PE?
The art room is the best place to chill during lunch.
I can't wait for the next field trip!
I finally nailed that tricky math problem.
Ugh, organized sports are the worst.
How is there never enough time to finish the test?
I wish the cafeteria served better food.
Who else had no idea what the history lecture was about?
I spent my entire weekend catching up on sleep.
I can't stand school assemblies.
Why are the stairs always so crowded between classes?
I finally got an A on my essay!
I wish teachers didn't give so much homework.
Why do we have to change for gym class?
I'm dreading the final exams already.
Why is the water fountain always broken?
Does anyone actually understand Shakespeare?
I finally found a seat in the lunchroom.
I can't believe I forgot my ID badge again.
Who else hates wearing uniforms?
There's never enough time between classes.
I just want to nap during study hall.
Why does the fire alarm always go off during a good part of class?
I can't believe there's a test right after the long weekend.
I'm so bad at remembering locker combinations.
The school vending machines never have what I want.
Why do we have to do group projects?
I'm really hoping for no homework tonight.
The music room is my favorite place in the school.
Why do we have so many staircases?
Am I the only one who finds geography class confusing?
I can't wait for summer vacation.
Who else hates pop quizzes?
I finally got a perfect score on my quiz.
Why does everyone run to the cafeteria?
Why are school bathrooms always so gross?
I spent all night working on my science project.
Why is recess so short?
I hope we don't get too much homework tonight.
I'm so nervous for my presentation.
Did anyone else forget to do the reading last night?
My locker is always such a mess.
Why is there never enough time to eat lunch?
I finally beat my high score on the school computer.
Who else finds gym class exhausting?
The school bus ride feels like it takes forever.
I can't wait to go home and relax.
Why are school pictures always so awkward?
I spent my entire lunch period in the library.
Why are we always out of paper in the computer lab?
I finally finished my book report.
Why do we have to take standardized tests?
I hope I did well on the spelling bee.
The school announcements are always so boring.
I can't believe I have a test in every class today.
Why can't we have more art classes?
I hate when I get called out for not paying attention.
I finally got the answer right in math class!
Why is the lunch line always so long?
I'm so bad at remembering dates for history.
I wish school trips were more often.
I spent my entire weekend studying.
Why is the gym always so cold?
I can't believe I forgot my homework at home.
Why do we have pop quizzes right after a long weekend?
The computer lab is always booked when I need it.
Does anyone know how to solve this algebra problem?
I hope they add more books to the library soon.
I finally got my project poster to look perfect.
Why do the lockers always get jammed?
I wish we had more music classes.
Group projects should just be banned.
I finally finished my art assignment and it looks awesome.
Why is the school Wi-Fi so slow?
I can't believe I volunteered to be class president.
The science lab is the coolest place in school.