Ugh, I always get nervous before a math test. Why can't they be fun like art class?
Just finished writing a secret note to my best friend. Hope it doesn't get intercepted!
I'll be honest, I don't think I'm popular enough, but I'll keep trying to be friendly.
I can't wait until Saturday. No homework, just cartoons and cereal!
Guess what! I found a four-leaf clover during recess!
Who knew dodgeball could make you feel so alive!
Finally finished my science project. So proud of it! Wanna check it out?
When's lunch? My stomach is rumbling louder than an earthquake!
Why do homework right away? There's always tomorrow!
So tired of carrying my heavy backpack. Can't we just learn everything online?
I finally made it to the last level of my video game! Wanna come over and play?
I'm a cat person, but I'm allergic... which is so unfair!
I can't stop drawing unicorns in my notebook. They're just so cool!
Everything about school is like, test, test, TEST. Where's the fun?
I can never sleep well if I don't finish my bedtime story.
I'd rather be playing soccer than sitting through another lecture.
Yes! First place in the spelling bee! Practice really does make perfect!
Is it strange that I love the smell of fresh crayons?
Sometimes the best part of school is just hanging out with friends.
I can't talk to the new kid... way too shy. But maybe you can?
I hate it when my shoes get scuffed. They were so new!
I just want one snow day this year. Just one!
Hey, wanna trade snacks at lunch? I've got cookies!
Does the gym always have to smell so weird?
I've got butterflies in my stomach before my presentation.
I finally solved that hard math problem! Feels awesome!
Why can't recess be longer? It's the best part of the day.
I wish we had more fun field trips. Learning should be an adventure!
Crossing my fingers that today is pizza day.
Got a new comic book. Can't wait to read it after school.
Just aced my spelling test. High-five!
I tried to dye my hair over the weekend but it didn’t turn out great.
I'm saving up my allowance to buy a new video game.
Does anyone else feel like the school days get longer and longer?
I really hope we get to watch a movie in class today.
Why does gym always have to be so early in the day?
Got new shoes. They make me feel like I can run faster.
What's your favorite subject? Mine's definitely science.
Always looking forward to storytime in the library.
I just planted some seeds in the school garden. Can't wait to see them grow!
I really want to start a blog but don't know how.
Got a haircut and now I feel weird.
Playing in the band is so fun, even if I mess up sometimes.
Trying to memorize my lines for the school play.
I love bringing my own lunch. I get to eat what I like!
I always forget my locker combination. Why is it so hard?
I can't wait to show you my new drawing!
Does anyone know how to do this math problem?
I wish the cafeteria food tasted better.
Finally beat my high score in that mobile game!
We get to go to the zoo on the next field trip! So excited!
Who else hates waking up early for school?
I love making friendship bracelets. Want one?
Always nervous for spelling bees but glad when they are over.
The playground is the best place to make new friends.
I hope I get picked for the team in dodgeball.
Got my report card today. I'm so nervous to show my parents.
Everyone should try reading this book. It's amazing!
I can't stand the smell of chalk dust.
Secretly fed the class pet some extra treats.
Always looking forward to the weekend.
Why can't school start later? Mornings are the worst.
Can't wait for the art show to display my painting.
I just joined the chess club. It's harder than I thought!
I made a new friend today!
Helping the teacher collect papers makes me feel responsible.
I'm always losing my favorite pencil.
Hope there's no pop quiz today.
I think I'm getting better at cursive writing.
I have a collection of stamps. Wanna see?
My favorite day is when we have show and tell.
Made a big mistake on my homework but learned from it.
I wish recess lasted longer.
I hope we get to have a Halloween party in class.
Can't wait to ride bicycles with my friends after school.
I don't like speaking in front of the class.
I made a card for my best friend's birthday.
I hope we get to play kickball today.
Had a weird dream about school last night.
I always feel sleepy during the history lesson.
I'm trying to learn a new sport. It's challenging but fun!
Aced my multiplication test!
Can't decide what to bring for show and tell.
Why does art class have to end so soon?
I love drawing but I need more practice.
I've got a secret talent. Want to see it?
I finally got an 'A' on my math test!
I love playing Four Square during recess.
Made my first clay sculpture in art class.
Can't wait for the school talent show!
Always forget where I put my homework folder.
Tried a new hairstyle today. Not sure how I feel about it.
Playing on the swings is the best!
I wish I could bring my pet to school.
Why does social studies have to be so boring?
Finally finished my book report!
My favorite day is when we get to have class outside.
I love the smell of new books.
Made a new friend in music class.
I hope I get a letter from my pen pal soon.
Why does math have to be so hard?
I love hanging out with my friends after school.
Always waiting for the weekend to relax.
Trying to make the perfect paper airplane in class.
Helping my little sister with her homework.
I tried to do my homework, but it's so confusing.
Made a cool castle out of blocks.
I always feel so nervous before a test.
I'm learning how to play the piano.
I'm really into reading mystery books.
Why does lunch always seem so short?
Finally figured out how to solve the Rubik's cube.
I love playing in the sandbox.
Can't wait for our class trip to the museum.
I like drawing comics in my notebook.
Made a new friend at the playground.
Wondering what we will learn in science next.
Always forgetting my gym clothes at home.
I love playing with my action figures.
I always get excited when it's pizza day in the cafeteria.
Helping out in the school garden feels nice.
I hope we get to learn about dinosaurs soon.
I really like collecting stickers.
I feel so proud when my artwork gets displayed.
I love building things with Legos.
Trying to grow my own plant from a seed.
I think I'm going to audition for the school play.
I wish there were more holidays during the school year.
Always having fun during art class.
I love spending time at the library.
Tried a new recipe for my lunch. It was so good!
I always look forward to pajama day at school.
Finally finished my crossword puzzle.
I can't wait to see my friends at recess.
I love it when the teacher reads us stories.